docs: clarify when filter regexes must be quoted (#8346)
mitmproxy/mitmproxy: docs/src/content/concepts/filters.md

- Regexes are Python-style.
- Regexes can be specified as quoted strings.
- Unquoted regexes must not contain parentheses, whitespace, or the `~`, `'`, `"`
  characters, as these are used for grouping and quoting. A regex containing any
  of these, e.g. one using `(...)` for grouping, must be wrapped in quotes -

>   `~u "get(Info|Routers)"` - or it will be parsed as multiple filter expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Regexes containing parentheses, whitespace, or the `~`, `'`, `"` characters must be quoted because these characters are reserved by the filter expression syntax. Otherwise, the expression may be parsed differently or rejected. For example, use ~u "get(Info|Routers)".
```
